Collected files:
----------------

The server is able to run from the "arch" directory. This allows changing
files and running without any script or operation to do.

Sometimes it is useful to collect all those files from arch in big files,
to speed up server start or for distribution purposes.

Those files are created by running "make do-collect" from this very directory.

The files are moved into $PREFIX/share/crossfire by default.

The "crossfire.arc" file contains all archetypes.

The "crossfire.face" file contains faces and animations.

The "crossfire.trs" file contains all kinds of randomized treasure.

The "crossfire.tar" file contains all PNG files.


Non-generated game data files:
------------------------------

These files are moved into $PREFIX/share/crossfire by default.

The "artifacts" file defines artifacts, which are modified versions of normal
objects, which randomly appear.

The "messages" file contains messages to be inserted in random books.

The "formulae" file contains "alchemy formulae" for alchemy and other crafting
skills.

The "races" file contains a list of defined races (archetypes don't have to
use those races though), it also serves as a summoning list file.

The "attackmess" file contains messages for players to recieve when they hit
something or are hit by something.

The "materials" file defines named materials.

The "def_help" file contains the help message to display to players when they
type the "help" command with no parameter.

The "help" directory contains entries for the "help" command.

The "wizhelp" directory contains entries for the "help" command for dm commands.

The directory "adm", if it is here, contains administrive scripts and their
log-files.


Settings files:
---------------

These files are moved into $PREFIX/etc/crossfire by default.

The "motd" file contains any messages to the players as they connect. In the
motd you can also use mediaTags, as defined in ../doc/mediaTags.

The "news" is intended for server news, and it is also displayed to players as
they commect. mediaTags can be used as in the motd.

The "rules" is intended for server rules, and it is also displayed to players as
they commect. mediaTags can be used as in the motd.

The "forbid" file, us for settings times that playing on the server is
disallowed.

The "ban_file" file contains a list of users or sites that are banned from the
server.

The "dm_file" file contains a list of which users/passwords/hosts are allowed
dm access.

The "exp_table" file contains the table of how much experience is required for
each level.

The "settings" file contains settings for the server
